
title: 26.01.2022 Wednesday protocol
created at: Wed Jan 26 2022 08:12:22 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)
updated at: Wed Jan 26 2022 13:31:14 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)
---

# 26.01.2022 Wednesday protocol

### When: 2022-01-26 Time: 9:20 am

## Timetable

### 2022-01-26 Time: 9:20 | Start Presentation

### 2022-01-30 Time: 10 | Finalize Presentation & Report

### 2022-01-31 - 2022-02-04 | Hand in report & give presentation

## Status Quo What has been done since the last meeting?

-   presentation started in Microsoft Powerpoint

## **Discussion **Specific questions to discuss (and then discussed) during the meeting

-   German language
-   General report:
    -   is there anything you learned in the course? ⟶ mention that
    -   used an applied?
    -   method of designing
    -   presentation : we have learned from the course ⟶ applied that in the project

## TO DO Specific tasks assigned during the meeting

[all](https://slite.com/api/public/notes/Ko4QHPuEfeD8Sm/redirect) :

-   [ ] shouldn't be too much animation ⟶ might be points for the presentation
    -   [ ] ⟶ amount of animation was clearly chosen by us
    -   [ ] ⟶ amount is just perfect for us
    -   [ ] ⟶ thought about more animation
-   [ ] presentation slides alle fertig machen

@Artan Kabashi :

-   [x] introduction and requirements need references
-   [x] mmst lecture include

@Felix Mehlhorn

-   [x] reference the flame gif
-   [x] as mentioned during the lecture we learned to interview users
-   [x] how many user interviews were done not only several?
-   [x] no background information about "this project" ⟶ Furnace?
-   [x] interview users ⟶ include user information details -->age, etc...
-   [x] validation user information
-   [x] validation 2 elements moving, arrows ⟶ rephrase
    -   [x] animation good?
-   [x] rightangle vs left angle ⟶ make clear what is meant
-   [x] add figure (-reference) to validation ⟶ final prototype (PROFESSIONELL)
-   [x] "edge cases...." paragraph on page 12... reference to correct figure (9a)

@Tamino Schorcht

-   [x] 2.  Axure Prototyp mit anderer Pipe
    -   [x] clone page
    -   [x] → Vor- und Nachteile in Implementation besprechen
-   [x] skript [all](https://slite.com/api/public/notes/Ko4QHPuEfeD8Sm/redirect)
-   [x] make slides for presentation
-   [x] observer objects?? maybe explain more about them? → rephrase

@Marcus Rothhaupt :

-   [x] mmst lecture include in concept
-   [x] mmst lecture validation, requirements
-   [x] namen der figures der version 1 und 2 des prototpyen ändern
-   [x] HEX and RGB abbreviation
-   [x] why in onepage design?
-   [x] reference everything in the appendix for major elements
-   [x] reference the images more clearly ⟶ prototype figure reference
-   [ ] add new prototype image to appendix

## Next Meeting Information

### When: 2022-01-30 Time: 11:59 pm

          